# Projects at CUH Dermatology


This site is a repository of projects available or suggested in the department of Dermatology at Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Trust. It includes [audits](/audit.md/), [quality improvement projects](/QIP.md/), [clinical research projects](/Clinical_Projects.md/) (small and focused), [interesting clinical cases](/case_reports.md/) that might warrant publication or presentation and [educational projects](/meded.md/) relevant to dermatology. To add a project either edit the source code if you know how, or contact Steve Smith with a summary to get it added. If you’re interested in taking on a project get in touch with the clinician named in the individual project descriptions

## Types of project

[Audit Projects:](/audit.md/) these are defined projects for which a guideline or set of specific criteria to be achieved are identified, and the department's adherence to those criteria are measured, assessed and any action needed to improve adherence identified. <br>
[Quality Improvement Projects (QIPs):](/QIP.md/) in the situation where clinical services or systems are not working optimally, or where new functionality is desirable a QIP is a way to address that need. Audits are often a type of QIP, but not all QIPs need to be derived from existing guidelines or criteria. They are an excellent way to identify and implement impactful change in clinical systems within an established framework. <br>
[Clinical Research Projects:](/Clinical_Projects.md/) Clinical research encompasses any generation of new knowledge about patients and their care, and can range drom basic single-isesue data anlysis to international platform clinical trials. Projects here are short, focussed and can be achieved without needing external funding or ethical approval. <br>
[Interesting Clinical Cases:](/case_reports.md/) Dermatology is a hugely varied and complex speciality with thousands of diagnoses and presentations. Clinicians often come across unusal presentations of known diseases or variations on normal that might warrant publication or presentation to colleagues. Case series (including pathological series) are included here. <br>
[Educational Projects:](/meded.md/) CUH dermatology has a long and well-regarded history of excellence in teaching medical students and junior clinicians (as well as supporting the ongoing education of its senior members!). Members of the departmenbt often have ideas for ways to improve the delivery and content of dermatological education at all levels.
